This might look like a bowl of craft,
but it's actually so much more valuable
than you think. That's because brown dye
is the only non-renewable color in Super
Flat since there's no way to obtain
cocoa beans and no way to craft it from
other dyes. That means that literally
the only way I can get brown dye is by
buying it from the wandering trader. The
only catch is that the trade is pretty
rare, only appearing about 7% of the
time. People ask me all the time why I
haven't built a swamp in my world since
my name is, you know, Mog Swamp. And the
real answer is because I've been waiting
for enough brown dye. I'm obsessed with
this one build trick where you put a
brown candle on top of green glass panes
to create cattails. And when I finally
build a swamp, I want to absolutely fill
it with these. But so far, I've only
collected about 7 and 12 stacks of brown
dye. Which means I still can't even make
500 of these cattails. And that's just
not going to cut it for my swamp. Which
is why I live by the motto, when in
doubt, ABBD. Always buy brown dye